Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year
I'd rather be a bird than a fish
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was
Don't step on the broken glass
Mary plays the piano
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind
The old apple revels in its authority
Wow, does that work?
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
The lake is a long way from here
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them
The waves were crashing on the shore and it was a lovely sight
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa
I hear that Nancy is very pretty
She folded her handkerchief neatly
Rock music approaches at high velocity
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds
The mysterious diary records the voice
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other
The book is in front of the table
I want more detailed information
The stranger officiates the meal
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it
She folded her handkerchief neatly
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels
We need to rent a room for our party
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them
Christmas is coming
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy
This is a Japanese doll
The book is in front of the table
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them
A glittering gem is not enough
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa
I checked to make sure that he was still alive
Let me help you with your baggage
Please wait outside of the house
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it
I am never at home on Sundays
Two seats were vacant
How was the math test
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet
Where do random thoughts come from
She always speaks to him in a loud voice
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
The river stole the gods.
Is it free?
The lake is a long way from here.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
She did her best to help him.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Christmas is coming.
How was the math test?
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Let me help you with your baggage.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Please wait outside of the house.
